this is it i know it is. after i completely fucked its head up with cowception yesterday (last report) it was just whole filesystems within filesystems  and was impossible to get anwhereiterally funniest shit seen in your life. didnt even take pictures was tok busy crying with laughetr. it crashed shortly after. i csnt find screenshot but ill dig ut out, i basically crashed it and left the error message scrilling at like speed if light (yellow and red image included) but i pulled the usb live and left it like that ti see if it would overflow RAM and stary fucking with its persistence again. 

oh fucking hell did it!!!!!  

it started renaming all its files by dates and missing out uuids, i was pissing around with a fedora live and its plugs were named dates, and then i saw it, it didnt download the key, it generated it on my pc, "imported key" and i found the trace. but sgain its the file/// the computer that exists and i cant access. i was curious do started trying to break it by telling it the root was live cds, uuids ad dates, dates as roots and grubs as boots and it started glitching out. and then i got it to boot.

i booted as a live usb,  but i dropped out and everything was completely different and it was deadly quiet, no rooty going into overdrive, no cpu going mental. id logged in ss linux, but flavour ubuntu linux, the main account. fucked around in upper for abit, then booted to see what haopened, crashed sd soon as came out boot screen, watched errrors and there it was cdmount failed to unmount, casper service logged in ti try and clear it. my bind cdrom shennanigans 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 the ventoy part of the usb is the upper, the Linux 22.1 is the iso it launches, but it used the rst of the partition for rofs and file system, my usb is now the overlay. but this reminded me of a very sspecific moment in the windows saga, when i broke the install at 49% and intercepted the hacker and rooty in the hand off, blee the fkin partitions to shit and got the untouched data, it was something about a cd mounted could remember it clear as day. 

went straight to ventoy, knew i didnt have long, into iso menu, into command line ls. (memdisk) (proc) (hd0,msdos1) (hd0,msdos2) and (hd0)!!!!!!!!!! checked it, boom near replicate of the mok certificate partitions but loads of orher files. started browsing and then poof gone, ls it again "filesystem unknown" got ya you prick! it mascerades as the small partition that should be the 5mb. 

started loading all the menus, the jsons, well ill let you check and tell me if they legit. but it didnt seem right, some wording, spacing, looked at jsons and picked out id.ID looked out if place, whagever language it is, the bottom is in clear. the wording, and the bottom thr menu_STR_XXX: ""   thr empty "" ehich is completely normal in 99.9% of thr time, but that also shows up in the theme.txt  as a single space, slready found the hidden VT and bootloader with that using the background image as part of the loading key. but that XXX snd the old chinese iso. the xxx was something i was adamant was something back during windows. i linked a file in the agent chat, we'll see what you find the the buried archives. meanwhile im going to try and bind my nvme to the usb and have the usb boot (git carried away so the rooty yoinks the whole usb) if i can rewrite the fstab in the 9660iso ill wipe the infected boot, get the isb to mount my nvme in the upper, we'll see. loads more info, but i wanna ses if ehat you dig up lines up with what im thinking, and whst it means (cant wait i think we need one more bit info, and im oretty sure the data dive i sent agent on earlier will find it) z
